[Music]
and everybody welcome back to normal and
please binding my sketch with Plus let's
just make sure the last episode actually
recorded properly here we go everybody
well please tell me this game sound yeah
game sound that's what I like the seat
OBS has been acting weird lately forgive
me that indulgence there um this run is
easel greed two reasons it's got to be
done and it unlocks Lilith at which
point will be able to actually do a
Lilith run but npj MMC 3e h & pj and c
3h guys said that right the second time
we've got squeezy for a nice little
tears upgrade wait a minute
he's going to say where's my freaking
spirit hearts squeezy and i'll continue
to put the blame on squeezy instead of
acknowledging that i made a mistake
there and almost neglected to pick them
up so we can probably make do with
blackhole it seems like a decent wow
that was bad damage on my part it seems
like a decent Azazel item here we will
get enough money for it but we got to
not take damage I'd also love to get
like I now that I think about it I don't
know how it could happen there is one
way it can happen but I want to get red
hearts so that I could actually play
that demon judgement and there's a
couple of red hearts in there that we
could use a refill in fact I guess we
could actually hedge our bets or not not
hedge our bets the opposite like go for
broke I think is what they say in the
industry yes yes go and buy an HP
upgrade and then use that HP upgrade to
try to play the demon judgment to the
point that it'll actually pay out with
something and then as far as I'm
concerned we basically you got two
upgrades for the price of an HP upgrade
but we need to get an HP upgrade and I
don't know how that's going to happen
the ideal way would be if it happens
right here Wow okay so we actually can't
take this oh well we can take it we
don't want to use it though because we
need this as asel win or at least would
like it so I think I'm going to say
sorry black hole and I'm going to go for
the rear old that was like barely
re-roll at all
we're gonna go down to 15 cents because
I'm looking for HP the other thing is if
we get an HP upgrade we go you know we
play that a demon judgment then we
hopefully can just trade that HP upgrade
away to for a good deal with a devil or
something like that but we're getting a
little ahead of ourselves normally I
don't like to buy HP upgrades when you
start with zero things they're a little
different I guess we're throwing money
away sadly well I mean chaos is probably
worth buying long term so you know the
best laid plans of mice and men right
they're all going to fall apart here I
don't know what bag lunch is you know
what let's look it up let's let's be
good habits here bags lunch Issac is my
name and Isaac's taking damage has a
small chance to destroy the trinket and
spawn lunch dude we can get an HP
upgrade out of this is what you're
saying
but the most efficient way to get that
small chance to pay out is probably by
playing that demon judgment which we
might consider depending on what our
deal with the devil looks like but I'm
not necessarily getting my hopes up just
yet
run looks fine though I mean it's Azazel
so we got a lot of early game bonuses as
long as we can eventually turn them into
late-game greatness we with chaos I
think we'd rather have deals of the
Angels so we'll see what we've got in
here I can't really see the value behind
this oh that would have terrible bit it
unless does this give us twice the money
I don't think this gives us twice the
money I was taking let's find out so I'm
going to be an idiot here come on work
with me yeah was it worth it uh can I
ask you something
let me work it i put my thing down flip
it and reverse it infamy is good we
didn't in the end we probably did spend
about as much HP as infamy will save us
from taking but I think that's fine
we'll check our item room it's Anarchist
Cookbook which is garbage Guppies tail
which is a lovely head start towards
making our guppy dreams come true
and we don't love anything here so I
think this is an okay place to use
Anarchist Cookbook
wow that was real bad um I'm going to
blow this guy up because we actually
just don't care now keep bag lunch for
now I do want to go into the curse room
because I think that red chefs have a
higher chance that have guppy items
still even with chaos but we'll find out
I like to play these greed runs a little
not fast and loose like not like I'm
trying to rush them but I like to play
aggressively because it's more fun to
kind of build your own synergy from
scratch and get it off the ground is all
I was so dumb as opposed to just like
playing it slow and yellow like I don't
know if I could afford to take this my
HP fed force yourself into a situation
from which there is no backing down and
then die in respawn is dark Judas
hilariously I actually think we have
done a dark Judas while he's not doctors
we've done a Judas greed mode run
already so I basically I was about to go
on like a Shia LaBeouf ask motivational
speech about how like you know you've
got to force yourself to make progress
and then instead I just die so this will
just be a great mode run for fun I
suppose it's more reflective of like
what an actual greed mode run for me
would look like guardian angels okay but
it's not at good blow this up save your
money
ing direct don't care about bookworm GB
bug is pretty bad starter deck is okay
x-ray goggles I'm going to say that
x-ray goggles will probably pay for
themselves over the course of this whole
run never a go-for-broke here again we
got one penny
it could be worse honestly oh and dude
we gotta buy Guppies pot because we're
almost at the guppy dream here it was
made really sloppily played here and
this actually won't unlock Lilith which
means we're gonna have to do in his asel
greed mode run some point in the future
and and I believe that greedier does not
count as greed for the purposes of
unlocks at least so we got to do we got
to do both but I know I'm acting like a
basil greed motive slog when it
literally just killed me so but we're
guaranteed to win except for the time
that we did it and we lost badly and
what we lost in a productive way
hey how about you just shove off buddy
sorry to use strong language but I
really want to get you off my case you
are a jerk and a charlatan and I do not
respect you
and we should hold Guppies paw I think
could leave but I think that we
shouldn't leave so what's that what's
the end game for us here well obviously
like becoming guppy is usually a win we
have a 50% chance of a deal with the
Angels coming right up and it could have
anything in it and really we could make
do with almost anything at this point so
if you want to give me some HP normally
a pretty bad angel deal in this case I
would love to see that but if the devil
deal it's not Krampus dude how could I
live with myself if I didn't give it a
shot he is a god what where this magic
mushroom come from no idea existed so
we're got we will almost definitely win
this run there's still we're so early in
the game here in terms of like overall
progress we have so much that we can
accomplish on this run the big deal I
mean telepathy for dummies is okay the
big deal is definitely donating the more
we can donate to our donation machine
the better so I'm not I'm not too
cheesed about the whole Azazel you know
responding is dark Judas thing because
we can still just especially now that
our run is somewhat set a little early
on try to get to the point where we can
donate a bunch of money to our donation
machine and that would fulfill the
reason for this run to exist to begin
with so what are we looking for I would
say faster rate of fire is up there good
fire rate if we can get like blank cards
to of something that would be great
there's a lot there's a lot of good
options here I don't really want to pay
for dog - where's the secret room I went
oh it's actually right there I mean
we'll buy a key I think that's what we
should do is buy like one key per floor
save the rest of our money we have the
battery which is not useful for colep
a--they for dummies
and I mean to be real with you will
probably just scrap telepathy for
dummies on the next floor enrolled of
Guppies paw instead because it gives us
the ability to actually take damage
against super green and be fine but
that's good it's good man I have to I
have to ask you to blow my mind today
because my mind was already blown and I
want you to blow my mind by telling me
that this doesn't blow your mind because
it's like an obvious thing I was at a
coffee shop it rhymes with good lucks
and I said hey can I have a guy I mean
they're pretty weird like I don't know
if you've heard of a coffee shop that's
ever done this but instead of ordering
like a small medium or large you order
it's really cool with like the Italian
name of it so I went all the venti iced
coffee you got to order like that too
and they went they rang me Internet page
and then they're like actually we all
have any iced coffee right now would you
like like one brewed in what they called
the clover system which I can only
imagine is like the Hovis method from
the Xbox one but they said you want
something brewed in the clover system
because we can make you an iced coffee
in that and I was like sure but in my
head I was like they're just going to
make me a hot coffee it's like a brewed
hot coffee and give it to me and that's
fine this lady like fiddles around with
the Machine two minutes later she goes
here's your iced coffee we forgot to
take Guppies probably took Guppies head
instead which is way better so we got
lucky there um and nine lives might be
worth getting I think we got to try to
see if this 2 of diamonds which it's not
anyway two minutes later she pulls out
from the machine a cup containing iced
coffee
if you don't understand how coffee is
brewed this might not seem like that big
of a deal and I mean in the end I guess
it's not really that big of a deal but
normally it's like very very hot water
runs over ground coffee and brews it
into a cup and then stuff like cold brew
is we shouldn't have taken this we were
going to get nine lives but we probably
were not going to get nine lives anyway
or didn't want to
cold brew has to sit for like 12 to 24
hours in order to essentially steep
so to make a nice coffee on the fly and
have it come out of the machine cold
makes no sense it tasted not quite
indistinguishable from a normal one but
almost indistinguishable I don't know if
it brews date a hot and then cools it
down really quickly or if it somehow
just like cold presses coffee beans and
water to create it but this might not
seem like it's a big deal and again it's
not a big deal but I would it got my
head spin and trying to figure out oh my
lord how mechanically they did this like
what is the inside of this clover
machine looked like you know it's like
there's a tesseract from Marvel's
Avengers in there is something to
accomplish this witchcraft is it it just
doesn't make scientific sense to me and
I like that it's cool it is ignited my
imagination we're gonna go in here and
we're getting close to bookworm we are
so close to bookworm we're actually at
bookworm oh there's a secret room in
here I didn't check as well so it might
seem a little lame but I'm avoiding
buying items at this point because we
don't need them and I'm if I'm not going
to accomplish what I meant to accomplish
on this run why not just donate as much
money as we can you know there's
probably a better equilibrium point
between likely where we are right now
and where we could be if we bought like
half as many items as we wanted to but
what is this the audiobook for
algorithms to live by no this is me
coming up with a strategy on the fly
Thank You infamy I really appreciate
that and we're going to try to strike a
good balance between having a run that's
powerful enough to fairly easily beat
greed without actually spending so much
money that you know it costs us doing
another greed mode run in the future not
that I should look at it as a cost
necessarily but you know what I mean you
probably know what I mean I think I'm
articulating myself reasonably well
binky's fine you know we still got one
keeper floor that we can use to get an
item and we've still got the deal with
the devil they can give us an item and
we still got the item room on most
floors that can give us an item
we'll head down I would like to get and
we're all on the we got a couple of
fours left here but I would like to get
a better card because the fool doesn't
really do much for us well it gets us
out of the curse room for free okay now
that that's done it doesn't do anything
for us just grab this with chaos we
could play the demon or the regular
judgement but I don't see a reason for
that I think we see if we give away HP
to our deal with the devil person then
we then we take nine lives if it's
proven I don't I I don't really want to
sacrifice nine lives even if it's for
one HP even if we only lose one HP in
the process to gain nine lives because
the odds of us beating greed this is
like the most boring sentence I've ever
said well let me calculate a minister
matrix multiplication here no but it's a
the odds of us beating greed with one HP
are very low I would rather have one
life with two HP than nine lives of one
HP possibly it would be it'd be close it
wouldn't be like a snap decision but I
would I think that's probably where my
allegiance lies there
so that's 71 cents we can always use our
bomb because we're not going to use them
against greed we can use our bombs and
try to like blow up the reroll machine
until it gives us all of the available
choices that we can see and then we can
choose like okay this item is actually
worth the time that it would take us or
the money that it would cost us because
we probably will not be able to donate
99 cents but I wouldn't be surprised if
you know on our first green mode run of
the day we could donate like you know 80
I wouldn't be surprised if you donate 99
I'd give it close to even odds because I
don't know how fast the the percentage
to break goes up
we already have bookworm so it's
irrelevant well I mean this is a stupid
decision but I'm going to take monster
man well then go back to guppy spawn
what's the reason for doing this I guess
it will never sea monster man well again
and now we have a good excuse to take
nine lives even though we probably
shouldn't have done so to begin with and
then we can use some bombs here and see
if we get something great and we did
think that was well worth the cost and
now I'm going to leave and in the end I
think that ended up being a pretty good
decision although we already had magic
mush so it wasn't as much of a damage
upgrade as I thought it would be and
then I tried to hedge my bets even
further and got shut down so let's get
the heck out of here no item room on
this floor will they get to $0.99 no
probably not at least but we might get
to like you know 88 why not rent some
quality items in here but I'm going to
choose to ignore those because this
could be like 10% of our greed machine
taken care of here why why buy a bomb of
all things dude okay well we had a bomb
but let's just pretend that that was the
lucky bomb that got it done for us okay
I'm going to say 84 cents is where we
finish this one now where we finish this
one now
our land dr. Rivlin moving dump Judas
damages and poopy dove Judas I'm never
gonna do a neces asel run Faisal I know
it's a Zazzle okay I'm done with people
correcting my pronunciation some of you
people and I'm saying you people I'm
specifically referring to the English
amongst you in a recent Isaac episode
recent ish I talked about the billiard
sport snooker so many of my men she's on
Twitter got filled up people going it's
not snooker it's snooker you don't you
don't understand we say things
differently we call it a sandwich not a
toastie I don't know all the ham and
cheese sandwich and you go oh it's
actually a toasty NL because we respect
our regional differences you know I when
you would go oh I love watching football
with my mates
I don't go actually it's I love watching
soccer with my friends we say it as
snooker okay
my whole life every Canadian I've ever
met that has known about the existence
of snooker and I'm telling you straight
up there's like four of us as as
pronounced the same way so just back the
heck off also if you like it you should
did not correct people's pronunciation
it makes your hobby look like it's only
meant for people who are heavily
invested in pedantry to choose he didn't
react I'm trying to meet you halfway
talking about this niche billiard sport
that nobody in North America cares about
in they're like oh and I was talking
about a sport I like but he's saying it
slightly differently because he comes
from you know a different part of the
planet is it possible that we have
different experiences and you know he
might actually understand how it's
pronounced in this country of choice no
that can't possibly be it he's just
incorrect you Joker's you gotta you got
to turn off the the nitpicking man when
you're in a social interaction here it
makes me mad because I know that you're
destined for so much more
but you know here in bed with a
beautiful woman and she says can I give
you a blue Jew we did get the 99 cents
and you actually called a blowjob you
know you just go yes please that one
blue juice I guess it shouldn't be
called a blue jug but you know I'll take
one blowy please you know just let
people say whatever they whatever they
want to call things unless you know if
somebody's like hey I'll take a hot dog
please and then a hot dog comes out and
they like no I wanted a hot dog this is
a pizza
I want a pepperoni hot dog there's wrong
that's one thing if you know what
they're saying
turn down the the I've you know
correcting the teacher on the blackboard
sort of thing you know many I'm in
school still right everybody's worked a
long day to go to these night classes
one dudes in there is the only thing
he's doing all day I'm not trying to
insult you from graduations I'm
bettering yourself but also shut the
heck up because you know the professor
will be like just one more exercise and
then you can all go home to your loving
families and you know the things that
your busy stuff that you got to do with
the professor writes like one you
spelled March you know with two R's and
somebody puts up their hands Oh
professor I think you meant the right
March with one R and then it's you know
okay thanks everybody literally
everybody in the room sighed and noticed
it but we also said we're adults we know
that this dude's trying to write March a
little bit what it's going to be on the
exam and you want to just make sure
you're all on the snow you just wanted
to feel smart okay and now you've done
it and you know you feel smart and
everybody in the class thinks you're a
ding-dong you got a that's a bad habit
you got to stop doing that number of
times they say doing a class of length
you know other thirty year olds arguing
with the professor trying to get like an
extra you know ten percent on an
assignment that's worth but a one
percent of your grade like dog let me go
home so I can finish my homework and say
hello to my beautiful wife anyway
donation time I'm just I'm giving you a
lesson I'm responding to your correction
with anger and that's a bad habit of
mine yet at the same time I'm also
selflessly using this as an educational
opportunity to explain to you that
people will like you more
if you let them get away with tiny
errors that are meaningless no
circumstances contexts of existence on
this God's green earth your life will be
so much easier I promise you this
everything is terrible - greed mode just
got harder oh yeah I'm real scary he's
had a 22-minute greed mode run him a
little bit mine on you Ruby with your
Busha does my favorite bad penance our
song actually its water we just talked
about what did we just talk about just
let people try to interface with you
whether they're saying snooker or soccer
or snooker or plague or bagel or malgor
hot dog
Massachusetts whatever they're saying if
you can understand them we owe a social
obligation to each other to get along
oh that was my stomach I am starving
dude thanks for watching it's it's like
a half genuine salt half not genuine
salta either way thanks for watching we
did get uh non la fée out my shadow and
if you enjoyed it click the like button
i'm set a great deal of course subscribe
you wanna see more in the future but for
now thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time well we'll probably do another
random run instead of going right back
into his basil